date: 2005-06-23
time: 0125
title: Karma and other such happenings
author: Justin

<p>I try and keep my karma on a good level. I don't really hate anybody (thought there are a few I truly dislike), I'm not a big prankster or anything. Some people even say I'm too nice, but I kinda like it that way. So lately I've been having a significant number of deja vu moments that remind me why I'm so nice all the time. I'm not very superstitious, but when I think of things, and then something similar happens very soon afterwards, I tend to notice.</p><p>For example, a few weeks ago I was talking to my co-worker and buddy Matt about golf, and how I'd like to try it out. Hit a few buckets at the driving range, maybe play a short course with him. Matt plays for his high school team and could probably teach me some good stuff, and has already. The problem was that I'm left handed, so I couldn't just borrow <em>his</em> clubs. Then about a week later, my brother and I stop at a yard sale, and there is a complete set of clubs, with a bag and carrier, for five dollars! It's a very old set, and the bag alone weighs about fifteen pounds, but for five bucks, I was sold. The guy also had some more clubs at another location, which, after a short drive, he gave me for another fiver. Matt graciously gave me his old (but not as old as the one I bought) golf bag, and now I have two full sets of woods (including one set of actual wooden woods) and irons, plus a half dozen mixed irons, a couple fairly recent and fairly decent drivers, and two bags to keep them all in. After trying them all, and fixing a broken shaft on the best driver, I've got myself one decent set of golf clubs, one old and kinda beat-up set, and some spare irons, and a glove for a gramd total of $25 plus some labor to repair a small rip in Matt's old bag. I'm going to save the wooden woods before I break them (they must've been left in a basement for a while, they're kinda beat), maybe make a little golf decoration for my room, and probably put the older irons and bag on eBay. Maybe someone will give me twenty dollars for them if they just want to try the game out.</p><p>Now here's where it gets good. Yesterday I was done early at work and went to hit a bucket at the driving range. Finishing up at work, I had this odd thought of how nice it would be to meet a girl while golfing. Then at the range, I head to the tees on the left, although I usually like the ones on the right, so I can watch others and try to learn something. But right side it was this time. And what do you know, there is a very cute girl hitting some balls with some friends (and siblings I learned later). We glance back and forth a couple times, one of her friends even says bye to me as they're leaving (I got there when they were just about out of balls). Then two of them (not her, though she claims she's usually not shy ;)) come back. The cute girl wants my number! Of course, I hand over the goods. We sent some text messages, then I dropped my phone and it freaked out before I could call her :(. But, my phone came back to life today, and tonight we went to see <em>Batman Begins</em>, which was good, but a bit long, and a the fight scenes were hard to keep track of. She asked me to call her tomorrow, so I will, and we'll see what happens. She's beautiful, intelligent, friendly, and seems very down-to-earth (and did I mention beautiful?). I hope something comes of it, especilly since she took the first step. I really like girls who aren't afraid to approach guys, especially when they're gorgeous :).</p><p>That's the most recent example, and so far the best outcome, by far. So, take it from me, keeping the karma police happy definitely has its payoffs.</p>